Problemes figures :

In consolidated:
Une figure de "foncier" a encore la modalité "23" sans label qui apparaît (see questionnaire if needed, at utils\QUESTIONNAIRE_BETSAKA_VFr_14_05.docx)
fig-rendement-riz-tha est facetté : ne devrait pas l'être ou alors seulement facetté
fig-chasse-raison a une modalité "7" apparente
fig_soudure_hameau should not be facetted
fig-qualite doit être en %, pas nombre de réponses

In Marovoay
fig_homeland is not faceted: should be : or is it because it is excluded from this report?
fig-raisons-non-scol is not facetted : should be: or is it because it is excluded from this report?
fig-demog-taille should have lines for each hameau and tous, not Alaotra and Marovoay : or is it because it is excluded from this report?
fig-table-equip is only facetted vertically, the facets should also have 2 columns, not just 1.
fig_revcou_shares is not facetted : should be : or is it because it is excluded from this report?
fig-securisation is not facetted : should be : or is it because it is excluded from this report?
fig-motif-session still has a 55 and a 56 label, without label, that should be fixed (see questionnaire if needed, at utils\QUESTIONNAIRE_BETSAKA_VFr_14_05.docx)
fig-rendement-riz-tha is at the same time facetted and with different series. It should be one or the other, not both.
In agriculture, several figures are not facetted, but should be : fg-tenure-riz, fig-eau-riz, fig-engrais-riz, fig-technique-riz, fig_semence_labour, fig-topographie-riz, fig-saison-riz, fig-origine-semence, fig-vente-riz-mois, fig-diversification, fig-top-cultures, fig-engrais-autres, dig-top-jardin, fig-produit-foret, fig-espece-elevage, fig-objectifs-elevage, fig-pertes-elevage, fig_produits_elevage, fig-chasse-especes, fig-chasse-raison, fig-frequence-peche, fig-saisonalite-peche.
Make a comprehensive check for all the figure in Marovoay, to check that they are all facetted by hameau + tous. Check also that Alaotra appears in no figure (eg. in the very first figure of the report with the cumulative count of surveys)

Make it so that for Alaotra, it is automatically the same width than for MArovoay + marovoay height * 1.25 


----------

The 

Age pyramids have negative values in the x axis labels. They should all appear as positive (negative is only a "trick" for the symetric display).

